# Homework 03

## A) Watch MIT Youtube Lectures

* Watch the introduction to Git and GitHub, from 30:00 to 35:24

https://www.youtube.com/live/yMUKsm4HTtg?si=H9xZCc2HfixyXzTS&t=1800

Set your username and email on the command-line as shown with `git config`

Answer the following questions:

1. What are three problems with sending ZIP files of your code between your teammates to work on the same code?
2. What is the difference between git and GitHub?
3. What is the difference between a local repository (your working directory) and a remote repository?
4. What is a read-only command you can run any number of times to know the status of your local repository?

## B) Read Head First Java, Chapter 2

Do the following exercises and submit your answers in Canvas as best you can, by retyping parts of the problem.

You may also choose to add your solutions into Git and GitHub if you know how.

1. p. 34, "Sharpen your pencil", design a TV class.
2. p. 37, "Sharpen your pencil", three instances of Movie (objects)
3. p. 43, "Code Magnets"
4. p. 44, "Pool Puzzle"

## C) Battlecode

Run `git pull` to get the latest version of the `week03a` player.

Try to compile and run it in a match against itself or against the `refplayer`.

Pick a GitHub issue that you are curious about, and come up with a theory for why you are seeing
behavior that you're seeing.

Try modifying one or two lines of the `week03a/RobotPlayer.java` code,
recompiling it and re-running the match, to test your theory.

Based on the results of your test, write in your Canvas answer an update of what you found out.

If you know how, you can write this update to the GitHub Issue conversation as well.
conversation.
