# Homework 5

Submit your answers for this homework into [this Canvas assignment](https://canvas.evergreen.edu/courses/7771/assignments/143842).

## Part 1 Watch Youtube Video

Watch the following lecture from the Battlecode Youtube playlist:

* [Kickoff lecture on the game basics and unit types](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HK0JJJrys4&list=PLzybaECz2FwQEhXKmVzqNSulM2Qn4kFaq&index=1)

Answer the following questions:

* How far away can units sense? Do different units have different sense radiuses?
* When moppers attack, do they damage hit points or just take away paint from their enemy, or both?
* Can any robot send messages (use radio communication) to any other robot?
* What are the conditions that must occur for two robots to be able communicate?
* Does marking use up paint, or can you mark indefinitely? (As long it's not a wall, ruin or tower)

We won't work on radio communication until next week, but we answer questions on it now to prime our brains.

## Part 2 Head First Java Readings

Read Chapter 3 of Head First Java on variables and references.

Do the following exercises and submit your answers on Canvas.

## Part 3 Battlecode

### Work on an Issue

Contribute to the `week05a` player. 

Pick a GitHub issue marked `experiment` that you'd like to work on and assign it to yourself. 

All of them can be done in 3 lines of code or less.

### Come Up With a Strategy

Throughout our discussion in Week 05, we will come up with some English language
strategies in English. Choose one of them and submit it in canvas.

It should be a complete English sentence of how you will get your robots to paint
more than 28.4% (the current record for our player).

You will implement it in the next section, and add / commit / push it into Git.

### Practice Sensing

Read the `refplayer` and `teacher05a` code to see examples of sensing locations, taking conditional action,
and moving to a destination (going home). You can copy and use the `SpiralPainter` and/or the `RandomPainter` classes to
start, but modify them to implement your strategy.

Add sensing of locations to your code for the `week05a` player.

Use the `MapLocation.getMark()` or `MapLocation.getPaint()` methods, as well as `rc.attack()` and `rc.mark()`
to paint and leave clues on the map that successive robots can follow.

## Part 4 Notes

Turn in notes that you have taken during class during Week 05.
These can be scans or pictures of your notebook, or screenshots from your notetaking app on computer.

## Part 5 Peer Review

How would you rate your teammates on their communication and cooperation so far in the class?
Is there any constructive feedback you'd like to offer?

(Focus on just the action or behavior, 
Please submit it in Canvas, and also shared it directly and kindly to your teammate if you're comfortable doing it.
