# Homework 08

Submit your work as a text/Word doc file, and image files of screenshots, to this [Canvas assignment](https://canvas.evergreen.edu/courses/7771/assignments/144800?module_item_id=588263).

Read Head First Java, Chapters 5 and 6 on making the SimpleStartupGame and StartupGame.
As you do the below parts, come up with three questions from Chapter 5 and three questions from Chapter 6 that will help you learn Java
and write them down.

## Part 1. Finish SimpleStartupGame

From our `SimpleStartGame` in `activities/week-08/` directory, finish it by:
* incrementing the guess counter inside the while loop
* printing out the result string after each guess
* printing the number of total guesses after the while loop

Fix any errors, compile and run, and take a screenshot of your code compiling and running
(both the Java source code and the terminal underneath it in VS Code or IntelliJ).

Submit the screenshot in the Canvas assignment above.

## Part 2. Finish StartupGame

Design (with pseudocode), write test code for, and write real code for, the full 2D StartupGame
from Chapter 6 above. You are allowed to pair/mob program this with your classmates.
Type the code yourself. Commit and push them into GitHub under your homework directories.

Take a screenshot of your code compiling and running
(both the Java source code and the terminal underneath it in VS Code or IntelliJ).

Submit the screenshot in the Canvas assignment above.

## Part 3. Questions from Reading

Submit your three questions from Chapter 5 and three questions from Chapter 6 to the Canvas assignment above.

## 🍁 Happy Thanksgiving 🍁
