# Homework 07

I realized Homework 06 was quite long last week and probably took longer than 6 hours.

This week's homework is meant to be shorter and take 3 hours.

Submit your responses to [this Canvas assignment]().

As you are doing this homework, collect three questions that came up for you, and you will submit it in the last part.

Please track the time you spent total on this assignment.

## Part 1: Youtube Video Watching

Watch the following video about radio communication.

* [Communication](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NinsrgC5cg0&list=PLzybaECz2FwQEhXKmVzqNSulM2Qn4kFaq&index=4)

Answer the following questions in your Canvas submission.

You may also use the specifications or API documentation.

1. Does a robot receive back a message that it sent?
2. Can a robot receive a message from a future round?
3. What is the API call on RobotController that lets robots receive messages,
  * what argument(s) does it take? number, type, and meaning
4. What is the API call on RobotController that lets robots send messages,
  * what argument does it take? number, type, and meaning

## Part 2: Pair Programming

Read the second section of [this article on Pair programming](https://martinfowler.com/articles/on-pair-programming.html#Benefits), under "Benefits".

Answer the following questions in Canvas:

* What are some assumptions or preconditions that must exist for the listed benefits of pair programming to take effect?
* Which benefit of pair programming resonates the most with you and why?
* Which benefit of pair programming makes the least sense to you, and why?

## Part 3: Create a GitHub Issue

As a team, find a time to meet outside of class to work on this part.
Given the length of Homework 06, you won't need to work on code in mob/pair programming unless you wish.

Your goal together is to close and comment at least two other issues, and create one new issue.

### Part 3a: 

Commit and push any changes you made in solving [this mob programming session](https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-25au/issues/16) from class 07a.

Create a GitHub issue describing a bug that you notice, for example, splashers not being created.

Add a screenshot of the Battlecode client showing that zero splashers exist at the end of the game,
and provide enough detail, including suggested places in the code to look at, so that your
teammates can make progress on this issue.

Assign it to all your classmates.

### Part 3b: Comment on and Close other Issues

Look through the open GitHub issues and choose two to discuss as a team.

Take turns writing the comments below and submitting it.
Every classmate should write at least one comment on some issue.

Use the following guidelines to write your comments:

* Can we close this issue? If so, go ahead and close it with a comment explaining why, if you haven't already explained it in your previous comment.
  * Don't worry, the barrier to closing an issue is very low. We can always re-open it again later if we need to.
* If we can't close the issue, have we learned anything knew about this issue that we can update in a comment?

## Part 4: Reflect

* How long did it take you to do this assignment?
* How long did it take you to do the previous homework, Homework 06?
* How does writing or commenting on a GitHub issue compare or contrast with coding up a solution?
* Ask three questions that came up for you in doing this homework.
