# Homework 04

Submit your answers for these parts to [this Canvas assignment](https://canvas.evergreen.edu/courses/7771/assignments/143618).

### Part A) Watch Youtube Lectures

What is the usual order of running these commands? `git commit`, `git add`, `git status`

### Part B) Game Design Reading

[Read Location 1 through 717 of the Kindle sample of the book "Game Design" by Tynan Sylvester.](https://www.amazon.com/Designing-Games-Guide-Engineering-Experiences-ebook/dp/B00AWKX1FO/ref=tmm_kin_swatch_0)

Up until, but not including the section "Constructing Experiences." There's nothing to submit for this
part, but you'll apply your reading to the
next two activities.

### Part C) Battlecode (Group Assignment)

Email or DM the other members of the class. You will need to set up a time (one hour is enough) to meet outside of class to mob program, taking turns as driver and navigator, to complete this part of the assignment.

You may want to use Discord's voice channel and share screen feature, on a server that you are all members of.

Pick an open GitHub issue and make changes to a player in directory `week04b` to try and answer the given question or experiment proposed.

Create this directory if it doesn't exist, and copy over `RobotPlayer.java` from `week03b`.

As you develop and play your match, pick one match in particular and watch it together.

Discuss together an event, change in human values, and resulting emotion that occurs as you are watching.

Add, commit, and push your code to Git when you are done. Each teammate should get to push at least one commit
(it can be a single line or more).

In Canvas, copy and submit the URL of your particular commit on GitHub.

For example, like this one:

https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-25au/commit/00b84513a42c72d9229cc4cbe0e06e88176f2f28

### Part D) Reflect

In this part, you're going to apply the Game Design reading to the experience of mob programming together on Battlecode. Think individually and submit your answers to the following questions.

1) Write the event, change in human values, and the resulting emotions you felt from your mob programming experience in the previous part.
2) What are the sources of emotions when you are modifying and running your Battlecode player? (For example, emotion from character arcs, emotion from environment). Note, this may be a combination of emotions from identifying with your bots, and your own experience as a game programmer.
3) Read [page 3 of the Battlecode 2025 specs](https://releases.battlecode.org/specs/battlecode25/3.1.0/specs.pdf). What is the story (fiction layer) in Battlecode, and how would you change it to be more appealing to you?
