# Homework 06

Submit your responses to [this Canvas assignment]().

## Part 1: Youtube Video Watching

Watch the following two videos about botmaking and radio communication.
* [Botmaking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPkpchtL-3w&list=PLzybaECz2FwQEhXKmVzqNSulM2Qn4kFaq&index=3)

## Part 2: Pair Programming

Read the first section of this article on [Pair programming](https://martinfowler.com/articles/on-pair-programming.html),

specifically the sections under "How to pair":
```
    Styles
    Time management
    Pair Rotations
    Plan the Day
    Physical Setup
    Remote Pairing
    Have a Donut Together
    Things to Avoid
    There is not “THE” right way
```

* What three ideas of the reading will you apply to your next pair / mob programming session?
* How is our discussion of strategy versus tactics related to the driver and navigator roles?
* What are two things you enjoy about pair programming currently?
* What are two things that could be improved about the way pair programming is done in this class?

Agree on a time to meet with the other classmates for a one hour pair programming session using Discord screenshare.

If one of you can't meet, the other two classmates should still arrange to meet.

Pick one of the following two issues to work on
* https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-25au/issues/10
* https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-25au/issues/9

Follow these steps to resolve an experiment and close the corresponding issue 
1. make a change to your weekly player's code, or the refplayer code
2. predict what effect the change will have
3. run a match
4. record what percentage of the map is painted by each team
5. record any other observations.
6. If the change is to your weekly player's code, commit and push to GitHub with an appropriate comment.

If you do all six steps, congrats, you can close the issue.

## Part 3: Head First Java Readings

Read Chapter 4: "Objects and Behavior" in Head First Java, third edition.

Do the following exercises. Attempt them first before reading the answers. Submit them into Canvas:
* "Sharpen your pencils" on p. 87
* "Who am I?" on p. 89
* "Mixed messages" on p. 94

## Part 4: Communication

This part of the homework will test how well you divide up work and communicate on your team Battlecode player.

Right now, [the overall team's strategy is described in this issue](https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-25au/issues/13).

You should open a new GitHub issue and describe which part of the overall team's strategy you will work on.
Assign it to yourself. This does not have to be your final strategy, nor even your favorite idea.
It just has to be any idea that you can express in English, that a classmate could read and make progress on.

In your issue description, include a link to the overall strategy issue above by typing `#13` in the
context of a complete English sentence.

Communicate this link to your teammates, through Discord, email, phone, text, in class, or whatever means of
communication work for both of you.

1. What is the link to the issue you created above, describing your part of the team's Battlecode player code?
  - how will you know when it is done? for example, what will you observe on screen when running a match?
  - how will it interact with the rest of the team's code? that is
    *  what is the entrypoint into your code?
    *  where else in the code will your code be called?
2. For one of your classmates, in your own words, what part are they working on? (Don't link to their GitHub issue, but you should read and understand it).
  - how will you know when it is done? for example, what will you observe on screen when running a match?
  - how will it interact with the rest of the team's code? that is
    *  what is the entrypoint into your code?
    *  where else in the code will your code be called?
3. For the other of your classmates, in your own words, what part are they working on? (Don't link to their GitHub issue, but you should read and understand it).
  - how will you know when it is done? for example, what will you observe on screen when running a match?
  - how will it interact with the rest of the team's code? that is
    *  what is the entrypoint into your code?
    *  where else in the code will your code be called?
