# Homework 2

Continue setting up your [Java development environment](https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-25au/blob/main/notes/SoftwareSetup.md).

Do the following parts of the homework and please keep track of how long you spent. It is expected to take 6 hours.

## Readings and Exercises

Do the following exercises for Head First Java (3rd edition) Chapter 1.
As you are working, collect at least three questions about Java or how these concepts will connect
with the Battlecode `refplayer`

* p. 15 "Sharpen your pencil"
* p. 16 "Bottle Song"
  - open a new file in VS Code and type it in (we recommend no copying and pasting for now)
  - save it as a file called `BottleSong.java`
  - compile it with `javac BottleSong.java`
  - run it with `java BottleSong`
* p. 20 "Code Magnets"
* p. 24 Pool Puzzle
  
Attempt the answer first on your own, after doing the reading, before checking the answers.

Attach screenshots of each file in your VSCode to your Canvas assignment submission.

## Come Up With Three Questions

Write down your three or more questions from the previous section in your Canvas assignment submission.

## Battlecode Player Tasks

Find a Discord server to join.

With your teammate, divide up the following tasks and make an attempt to type and compile a solution
in a player called `week02b`.

You don't have to finish the task, but work on it enough that you can come up with three pseudocode statements
and two questions to ask the class next time that would help us make progress on this task.

Remember, so far we know the following kinds of statements
* Assignments, LHS = RHS
* Method calls, with parens and arguments
* Flow control (loops and conditional if's)

Pseudocode means an English-like statement that doesn't have to compile,
but would make a good comment in your code to explain your idea or intention.

You may wish to read the Battlecode API docs and the `refplayer` source code.

### Painting (Easy)

Task: Have the single mopper unit you created as part of the `week01a` player paint every tile it comes across,
that is not already painted with your team's colors.

### Sensing and Saving the Home Tower (Medium)

Task: Have your single mopper unit sense and save the location of its home tower (the one that created it)
before it goes off exploring.

Bonus (Hard): head back to the home tower for a paint refill when you only have enough paint left to barely make the return trip.
